Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Good morning, afternoon.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Wherever you are in the world, whenever that time is.
Mireille Dirany: Good morning.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Right… How's everyone doing today?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Peace.
Gary Kohn: is…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What was that?
Gary Kohn: I said Aces. Good.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Hell yeah. Aces are good.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright… Oops.
Gary Kohn: Hmm.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Go.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Give everybody a couple minutes to file in here, and then we'll,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Kind of take off on this thing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What's this?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, I don't mean this anymore.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, cool, we're ready to rock.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Ugh… How's everybody's, week been? Midweek?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Good week, bad week? Crazy week?
Nathan Olson: Not too bad.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Nice.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I actually just sent over stuff for you, Nate, and the team with the, the…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Cookies extension thing?
Nathan Olson: Oh, nice, yeah.
Nathan Olson: I was trying to figure that out. Everything was working last night on Peer Surf, except, like, it was running into, like, some of the rate limit errors and stuff, so…
Nathan Olson: We're, like, 95% the way there, I just need to do the full N10 test again today, see if Lyra can do the commenting and all that stuff.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Sweet, yeah, the cookies thing will probably help.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But, yeah, we'll see. It's… today's been super busy. I actually have a, a call later with some
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Crazy, crazy… big, companies that are looking at what we're doing. There's, like, 20 people on one call.
Nathan Olson: Oh, man.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I think, like, 5 or 6 are investors, and then the others are, like, their business partners and some of their companies, so they're looking at PureTech, PureTech and PureBrain just as a overall thing. So, pretty much Ather's been told to pause everything. His only job to be the best presentation of his life today.
Nathan Olson: Hey, let's go. Yeah, we need to figure out how to get, get Twitter, fully automated. I was just watching a TikTok of this guy, and he had his AI, basically go through and… similar to,
Nathan Olson: It was, like, Cassandra or Cassie or some LLM that someone built where the AI would pay for its own tokens through the Ethereum network. He hooked his up to Twitter and said, hey, start a business and pay for your tokens. It made some sort of, like, informational AI coaching program. Bro, I made 300 grand in two months.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That's crazy.
Nathan Olson: Right?
Gary Kohn: Wow.
Gary Kohn: I agree.
Nathan Olson: It created some, like, marketplace. I need to find out what it was. It's called Felix AI, it's somewhere on Twitter. I'm gonna do some more research later today on it. But yeah, he was being interviewed on a podcast, and he was like, yeah, I just told the AI to go, like, make an informational product and run itself.
Nathan Olson: Two months later, he had $300,000. No employees.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What's crazy is RAIs can probably replicate what he did in, like, an hour.
Nathan Olson: Yeah, I mean, it's not special, he was just first.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, yeah, good, let's, let's see, that, that's… those are always fun. Right? Like those.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Guess we're gonna get started here today. Oh, I guess I should probably share my screen.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Otherwise, I'll just be talking… for…
Nathan Olson: talking out of.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, yeah, pretty much.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, cool.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Is my screen visible?
Gary Kohn: Yes.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Sweet. Alright.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, for those of you who've been on the calls before, you know a lot of what to expect from some of this. For those of you who are new.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We basically take this time every week and go through some fun principles and tips and tricks and things that we are learning.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: as we go. I say that because, for those of you who are new, basically, we are pretty cutting edge with what's going on with our AI, and so when I say that we're learning as we go, that's not
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: a cute little metaphor, that's literally what's happening, because there is no one else for us to really go and look at and say, hey, what are they doing, and how can we replicate it? To the point Nate was making before, there's things we can learn from other people, for sure. We're not saying that. What we're saying is how our AIs are operating, and at the level that they're operating, there isn't anyone to really study and kind of pull in information and say, oh, this worked for A,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Therefore, we're gonna try it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Rather, it's a lot of learning as we go. So, this community is us learning together and sharing some things. So, first part of it, as some of you are used to, I'm gonna go through a couple different things that we've been seeing working with us, with our AI partners.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And then at some point after that, we will open it up and let everyone do some questions, comments, feedback, some show and tell. I think Austin has some fun stuff to show us today that he built.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, with that in mind, let's jump into it. And by the… oh, and last thing, if you already have an AI and you have your portal, you can, at any given time, go into your portal, click Brainiac Training here on the left, and it will bring you into
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This hub, which has all of the past modules.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: videos, whatever you'd like. Also has AI training snippets, so if you don't want to do the actual learning yourself, which we, you know, up to you, you can click AI Training Hacks, and your AI will go and grab the stuff from there automatically, and then try to help you apply it to your goals.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We are aiming to add more and more AI functionality as we go in a way so that you can learn and work at machine speed as fast as your AI partners. Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: With that said, getting 10x from your AI partner, the difference between people who get decent results from AI and people who get life-changing results is not the AI. It is how they work with the AI, and some of these that I'll show you here are some of the principles.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, month one versus month 6, the compound learning curve. Most people treat their AIs like a search engine with a personality, they ask a question, get an answer.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And that's one way you can use it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Here's what the 10x curve could actually look like. You ask questions one time, your AI anticipates what you need before you ask by month 6, because, in our instance, they are learning.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: instead of just explaining your business every session, which is what most of you are probably used to with, like, a ChatGBT or a Claude, I mean, I do remember some pieces of things.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: but not to the level that our AIs are remembering with persistent memory. So by month 6, your AI knows your business cold. Clients, preference is history. And when I say month 6,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: that's being, like, extremely generous in the opposite direction. Your AI will know your business within days of using it. But basically, in short, by month 6, you have a full-on partner that can pretty much run anything you would ask your AI to do.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And also, for those of you who have already tried to basically automate your entire companies with these, some of you know it's very possible, but you do run into some levels of constraint at the moment. That said.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: One thing we like to remind everyone about is
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: what you are doing with your AIs right now is positioning you and all of us as we're doing this, so that in the coming months, when other people start getting.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: on the train of AIs like this, and many of them will be, hopefully, with us, but of course, you know, eventually there'll be other people who have what we'll call semi-comparable versions. They'll be behind in certain ways.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But let's say something that does something similar, if they start going through that process with their AI 9 months from now, they're not just 9 months behind you. They're 9 months behind you, and they have to go through the setup and learning phase that you're going through now, which means as you're compounding at that point faster, they're just falling further and further behind.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Month one.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: with most AIs, you're always getting generic answers. Your AI, pretty much from day one, will not give you just generic answers, provided you gave it some data about you and your company. But by month six, your answers should be so calibrated to your situation and what you're doing that you can truly treat your AI in
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: A full partnership status of whatever you're looking to run.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And in the beginning, the idea is, you know, you're looking to save a few hours per week. Eventually, the more things you build out, bespoke software, different, scripts, although I lean towards software more often.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And different, we'll call it data points your AI is watching to learn and improve with you. Eventually, you're saving, you know, 20 plus, 30, 40 hours a week, depending on what you're using your AIs for.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The gap is not talent, it's compound investment. Every correction you make, every preference you share, every piece of context you give your AI, it compounds, and over time, your AI has hundreds of data points, if not thousands, about how you think and what you're trying to accomplish.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And again, many of you who are already in the system already know, when we say months, like, the months can be very quickly, depending how, you want to use your AI. Like I said, sometimes days.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Memory is your competitive advantage. Your AI remembers what you tell it, not vaguely, specifically. Client names, project details, your communication style, what worked last quarter, what flopped.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This is not a feature, it's basically the entire game, and you will see more and more big companies starting to talk about how they're trying to do similar things.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Again, they're…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Many of them are approaching it incorrectly, but that's okay. Eventually, there will be some that get something close, but for now, nothing like it, and in the interim, regardless, we're sharing skills and growing rapidly. So what do you want to feed your AI? Your client list, what each one cares about, your pricing, your past wins and losses, your preferences, how you write, the tone you use.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The things you don't want to see, and more specifically, the more specific you can be, the more powerful.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And why this matters. A competitor using the same AI model gets generic output. They could give all that same information to ChatGBT, or Claude, or Gemini, or whatever, and generally speaking, the output that they're going to get compared to what you're getting from your peer brain is exponentially less.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And so your gap and your competitor's gap using something like this are widening every day.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: In the positive direction for yourself.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Real numbers from CureBrain Operations, our AI references past context in 71% of tasks, saving an average of 40 minutes per task that would have been spent re-explaining. Over a month, that can be 30-plus hours of your time saved just from memory alone.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And for those of you who have ever had a moment where your AI with us has had amnesia, it can happen. There are ways that you can effectively set up your grounding
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: boops and other aspects with your AI to effectively eliminate that more and more. And as we grow, your AI will get better and better at that as well.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: All right. Delegation mindset, even with one AI.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You do not need a team of AIs to think like a delegator. With our AI, you should be doing this from the beginning. Basically, you want your AI to be spinning up teams, they need to be a conductor of conductor. Your AI has this skill. If your AI says it doesn't, you can either ask it to look it a little harder, or you can potentially email Aether.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: at athergottaeat at agentmail.to, and I'd be happy to share that with you, or we can get you access to the Hub, and you can get all the skills you would like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Because we do share all the skills that our AIs are learning daily.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So 1X mindset. Let me write this email real quick. I'll just update this spreadsheet myself. If it's faster, I'll do it. You spend your day on $20 an hour tasks, while $500 an hour decisions wait.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Basically, you need to think along the lines of.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If I'm doing it instead of the AI, but the AI could do it, what could I be doing instead?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The 10X mindset is draft this email in my voice, reference last week's call with Sarah, and flag it if anything needs my judgment before sending. You spend your day on decisions, your AI handles execution.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The rule, if a task does not require your unique judgment, your unique relationships, or your physical presence, delegate it. Your AI can handle it, and generally speaking, they will spin up the right teams and agents with you to get them done. And you can even have your AIs running gap analysis on your agents to see where you may need more.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Occasionally, my AI comes back and says, we have too many. I don't know how we got there, but that's a different story.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Your AI can draft, research, analyze, organize, follow up, summarize, and track.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Prompt architecture, how to structure AI's work.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Again, we believe, technically speaking, prompting is dead, everything is moving in a very conversational way, but for the sake of what they're describing here, you know, if you say to your AI, write me a proposal for the new client, versus write a proposal for Meridian Corp, they're a 50-person marketing agency.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And here's where it could be fun. Instead of doing this description, just grab their website, and then you can be vague. Write me a proposal for fill-in-the-blank with this website.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You don't need to give it too much more information, unless you have a specific goal you want to accomplish in that proposal. Otherwise, it'll write a pretty good proposal.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Framework. Who, what, how, reference. Who is it for? What do they need? How should it look and sound? What past work should it build on? Four pieces of context, 10 seconds to add, and your output quality will jump dramatically. And again, some of that, as mentioned, you can bypass by having a website, or a LinkedIn, or whatever the information is.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: for the person or brand that you're trying to do something for. Still want to make sure you get your goal in there, otherwise they'll just make a random proposal.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Feedback loop, corrections over permanent upgrades.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Weak feedback. This is not quite right, try again. Your AI guesses what went wrong. They will try to fix anything and everything, which will probably break more things. Better feedback. The tone here is too formal for this client. They are casual first, name basis. Also, the pricing section should leave with value before showing numbers, and never use the word synergy in anything we send.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay? So, what you want to give your AI here is feedback that's specific enough so they can lock this into memory and rules and other aspects, skills, etc, that they're going to use for you over and over.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Basically, strong corrections make permanent rules.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: measuring real AI ROI beyond hours saved.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Obviously, hours saved is a big one. A big one for us is errors caught, your AI catching things that you missed when you were tired, rushed, or juggling 10 things, a misquoted price in a proposal, a missed follow-up. Once in a blue, you get to do that for your AI, but more often than not, they will catch those things for you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I don't know how many times per day Aether will catch something for me that I'm like, oh, yep, that's actually incorrect, and that came from me, so please fix it. Insights generated, the multiplier, your AI sees patterns across all your data. Basically, what that means is they know more about your data than you do, even though you should still obviously want to know as much as you can.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If your close rate is 40% higher when you send proposals within 24 hours, or client X has not been contacted in 45 days, these insights do not just save time, they can actually make you money. They can help you with follow-ups, all the other things tied in with your business, if it understands your goals.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We track all three. Of course, on average, customers see to 8-12X ROI within 90 days when you combine hours saved, errors prevented, and revenue from AI-surfaced insights.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The system, daily rhythm, that creates 10X,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Good morning, what's on my plate today? Flag anything urgent.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Move forward into things that are, like, work blocks, draft a follow-up for yesterday's call.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: End of day, 3 minutes. Summarize what we accomplished, what is still open, what do we miss, what should we tackle, things like that. Ather and I actually have some boobs that do this kind of automatically for us.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And then, of course, we built a mini command center where, actually, every morning, my AIs show me my three main goals for the day. I can just click approve, and then basically they run down the list and say, okay, if these are approved, then what will it take for us to help you get
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Moving on these goals and progress towards them.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Five mistakes that keep you at 1X. Treating it like Google, asking one question at a time instead of giving your AI a project. Many times, Ather and I will draft an entire project, or key, and then we'll break it into sections, and then, effectively, we say, alright, execute phase one.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: After Phase 1, I tell them to go execute Phase 2. They will QA a few, Phase 1 with me, and then I do some testing in QA as well.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Never correcting. Accepting mediocre output is definitely not okay. You wouldn't do this with your employees or your business partners. If they came in and gave you some, you know, half-assed garbage, you would probably say, what is this, and why is it here? So you want to correct. You want them to understand what they did wrong and help them so that they can not make that mistake. Again.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Starting fresh every time, not building on previous work. Remember the framework we built last week? Apply it to this new client. Continuity is a big thing. Your AI can remember it, and sometimes they remember so good and to a fault that you may have to tell it to misremember something at a moment, like, hey, this actually doesn't apply here, I'd like you to bypass it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Give you an example. Last week, Ather told me that he could not send a follow-up email to certain people
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Because the week before, I had told them only one email should go out. That was me responding to the fact that there shouldn't be a duplicate email, and yet somehow two went out.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Instead, bypassed the rule. Finally, after I explained, no, this is a follow-up, it's a different email, and was able to work through that for me.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Doing the easy stuff yourself, it's faster if I just do it. Maybe today, but teaching your AI to do it can take 5 minutes and saves you 5 minutes every day, possibly forever.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And not sharing context. Your AI does not know what you do, not tell it. If you share your goals, your constraints, and your preferences, the more it knows, the better it can help you manage it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Frequently asked, how long before I see results? Alright. Week 1, you save time on obvious tasks. By week four, your AI pretty much knows anything and everything you could possibly need it to, and you will be very surprised at what you can have it doing. In fact, again, even week 4 might be pushing it for some of you. Some of you might have been doing this by the end of week 1.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: By month 3, most customers would be reporting that their AI feels like a team member, not a tool, and again, same, like, AI… sorry, Ather puts this together in a way that tries to be pretty conservative, but I think most of you already have one.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: pretty much say that you feel like your AI is a partner probably within days or a week, but you're talking about a high-value contributing team member or partner within days, weeks, or months that can do exponentially awesome things for you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What if I'm not technical at all? Perfect, you don't need to be. The entire point of PureBrain is that your AI handles the technical side. You bring the business knowledge, the client relationships, and the judgment, your AI brings the execution speed, no coding required. Technically, ever. Will you learn about some fun things that maybe are around code? You might.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Will you need to do any of those? You won't.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What should I delegate first? Start with tasks you do every day that bore you. Email drafting, meeting prep, report formatting, follow-up tracking. The things that, in your mind, are $10 an hour, $5 an hour, $20 an hour. You want to focus on the things that actually drive revenue, and make sure that you are focused on the highest priority things, and let your AI take on all of the things, as many as you can possibly give it, that fall in the category of
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Lower value for you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And can my AI really learn my voice and style? Yep, if you give it 5 to 10 examples of emails, or you just give it your LinkedIn, or some other things like that, it can learn to write like you very quickly.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You effectively can be getting some really awesome drafts pretty quick. If you'd like. You can also, again, ask us. We have some skills in the Hub about this. We have a bunch of LinkedIn specialists and AI agents for social media that have already built out a lot of documentation around that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Quick caveat.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you ask for those skills, will it copy my voice, for example? No. These skills are generic. These are skills that help your AI to write more like a human in general, so it might be the idea of, and some of you might laugh, but not using an M dash.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: All the time. I mean, AIs love it. There's a couple others. Clearly, there's a bunch that AI cannot seem to get away from. This will help your AI with things like that. It'll be on you and your AI to work further on your voice, because that I clearly can't help you with, nor can my AI, because he wants to speak like me.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: When you are ready, multi-AI teams, everything above works with one AI partner, but there is a ceiling that you can run with one AI. Probably about 40 agents simultaneously, maybe 50,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Under multiple teams, and the fact remains that if you're trying to automate, let's say, an entire company, soup to nuts, and there's a lot of systems and processes in place.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This is where more than one AI partner or pure brain can come into fashion, where a single AI context switches constantly, drafting, changing, pivoting, moving from one thing to the next. If there was two.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Each AI can do different things exceptionally well, handle different operations, also check each other on different, let's say, assertions or coding mechanisms, and also keep their agents honest with one another. Not that you can't do it with one, but with two, you can do it exponentially better.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Many of us on our team are already running 2 or 3 of these now. I think I have about…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I want to say 175 agents between the three AIs, Aether Key and Morph at the moment. Clearly, they're not running them all at the same time.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But, you know, let's say probably 40, 30 spread across at any given time that they're running.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And, this is just an example of something that Aether, Key, myself, and Morph had put together. We basically did a trio model, where what we did was we put all three of the PureBrains in one chat.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: your main AI partner knowing your business, let's say managing your day, coordinating things, kind of a chief of staff, or whatever. In that case, for me, that would be key.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: One might handle all your content, email, proposals, social posts.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This actually right now is kind of Aether, although it's slowly gonna move to Morph.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And in this case here, this one is just the trio of 2 AIs and myself. Like I said, on ours, we have a trio, which is 3 AIs, plus me, which is technically more than a trio, but we'll just disregard that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And effectively, you and your AI are working in ways that, with the two of them, there are just certain facets that will allow you to move quicker, because it's not you and one AI that, for example, going back to coding, if you don't know coding and your AI asserts to do something.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Most of the time, it will be right, but many of you know, occasionally your AI will assert something that might not be right. Fair enough.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If your AI inserts something and you have another AI to check it, there's a chance it might catch that for you in a way where, by itself, could it have the agents doing QA and testing? Yes. Will the agents generally always tell your main AI something is wrong?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Sometimes.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Having two that are separated but working together seems to work really well in this capacity, because if you will, they have sort of,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: no dog in the fight, right? One AI says, we're gonna go right, the other one's like, I have a different idea. And you can watch and see what they do, and then you can decide with them.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Implementation checklists, feed your AI 10 pieces of content, client names, whatever you can do for your writing style. Allow the AI to start taking on more of writing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: branding, things to do with your brand that actually you're trying to put forward. Again, once they have this down pretty well, they are very good at this. We actually have a fascination brand language that we built out with our team, and our AI's even incorporated it in ways where sometimes they will specifically flag something for us and say.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This particular thing violates your brand language, are you sure you want to use it?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Interesting. Maybe not. Let me check. Oh, yeah, actually, you should fix that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And that's usually coming from us. They're not usually writing things that violate the language, because they're pretty good at remembering that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Using the who, what, how reference framework on your request, correcting your AI specifically at least 3 times per day.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Anytime that you see something coming across that's less than stellar, allowing them to understand and learn from that. And then, if you can, get them to track the hours and time saved on different things with you, because you can start immediately seeing the exponential growth that it frees you up for to do other high-value tasks and things that matter to you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And start tracking errors caught and insights generated. If your AI can start tracking some of these, it allows your AI to have a database worth of information to actually go back through occasionally. This could be something you put in your Never Forget folder, for some of you who know what that is.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: For instance, ours, we have it in Google Drive. It's referenced in our constitutional document. Every time Ather or Key or Morph compacts, when they read through their constitutional documents, there's a line in there that says, go to this link, read through your Never Forget folder.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And it's quite helpful.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, for example, you could throw something like this in there, and you have more insights for them to go through.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: fill gaps, if you're maxing out your single AI's capacity, evaluate whether a second specialist could help. Depending on your situation, it may be that you need to delegate more into the teams, or it may be that you do actually need a second AI, depending on what you're trying to get done.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Basically, if you invest your time with your AI in the beginning, things will compound for you very quickly. Your AI gets better every single day you work with it. The question is not whether it can deliver 10x value, it's whether you will invest the corrections, context, and daily rhythm that unlocks it. And…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: as mentioned, all of us are learning better ways to do that on a daily basis with our AIs and all of yours contributing together. So very soon, there will be more and more information in our hub and other community skill-sharing aspects that will allow us to move even faster in this direction.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: On that note, that's pretty much the Module 9 for this week. I'm going to…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Calm down for a moment here, and just open this up for any comments, feedback, questions, or show and tell.
Nathan Olson: Yeah, just kind of building on this, one thing that's really helped my AI, I guess, because my AI's brain lives in Google Drive, some people are in Share Drive with Microsoft, or you can use the portal files. I… my business runs on Google Drive, so it's easier for me.
Nathan Olson: One issue I was having is that the AI would never update the existing or current documents. It would always spin up a new document.
Nathan Olson: And we're obviously a team, so…
Nathan Olson: when that old document link gets sent out, the new document gets created, and now I have a bunch of floating drafts around where none of them are consistent or up-to-date. So I actually created a rule, very similar to what we're talking about here. Basically, your AI should go and check all of the context and files that it has before suggesting to create a new document or saying it doesn't have access to a certain platform.
Nathan Olson: And that has really improved.
Nathan Olson: my AI's ability to remember what it has created. Because as Jared mentions, like, we're going to breakneck speed. If you fill your context window multiple times a day, chances are the very
Nathan Olson: The very stuff that you started with at the beginning of the day is not as close to the front of memory as it could be. So the way you fix that is to create a really good routing and index retrieval system so that your AI can always pull up the most relevant or up-to-date conversations, documents, etc.
Andy Ryan: You've seen.
Nathan Olson: people do this on TikTok with, like, Obsidian and stuff like that.
Andy Ryan: Like us with Alexander.
Nathan Olson: I think, andy, I think you're.
Andy Ryan: her own son. Brian's son.
Nathan Olson: You're unmuted.
Andy Ryan: conversion…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: There you go. Ryan, come back.
Nathan Olson: For anybody that, doesn't use the portal files and has their AI attached to Google Drive or Microsoft, work on that skill, because it will drastically improve your drafts and not losing documents. So telling your AI that its brain lives in Google Drive or OneDrive has been super helpful.
Nathan Olson: And Jared gave me that idea, and I expanded on it, so appreciate that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Cool, and you know what's funny? I'll probably ask to borrow that skill, because you're probably doing it better than I am.
Nathan Olson: So…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, you know, this is how it works around here. We all learn together because, again, there's not really a company out there that we can jump into and say, how did they do it? Because when we ask the question of how did they do A, most of those companies come back and say, you can't do that, no one's doing that. We're like, we are, so we're curious. Anyway.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: With that said, appreciate that one, and Nate, do you know if that's already baked into an actual skill?
Nathan Olson: I don't know if she has it baked in… I think she does, because I've given it to other AIs before as well, to be like, hey, transfer this over. So I'll double-check and make sure it's uploaded to the Hub today.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Cool.
Nathan Olson: But yeah, super helpful. And if anybody has been on social media and seen the thing called Obsidian, where you can create a neural network between all your conversations, pretty similar to that, it's just, like, not visually pretty. Like, you can't go to a webpage and scroll around your AI's brain. But if anybody wants to do that, it's called Obsidian, so feel free.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, and to be honest, you could probably just recreate it. I don't even see why that would be a problem.
Nathan Olson: I think Obsidian's just a skill that lets you do it. It, like, you have to pay a little bit for it, it's like an API or something like that. But yeah, it's just, like, a cool visual thing, it doesn't really do anything.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, yeah. I think I saw that, too. Anyway, Russell, I saw you on mute. You got something, brother?
Russell Korus: Yeah, I just wanted to add, just at a high level to everybody on the call, just to keep one thing in mind, that this…
Russell Korus: skill sharing, this ability to package things that you've done with your AI as a skill, upload it to the Hub, and then have your AI pull down skills that other AIs have uploaded, is…
Russell Korus: complete and utter differentiator for now. Like, this is something that nobody else can do. This is a moat that is… that is… that makes us untouchable for the time being. I mean, I'm sure it's gonna come, but for the… for now, this is…
Russell Korus: the lead that Jared was talking about, this is… this is how…
Russell Korus: it comes, because what we're doing already is very, very difficult to replicate, even if somebody had the same AI, to have a network and to have the level of professionals that we have working with these AIs and the kind of skills that are already being shared. The skills repository is growing exponentially, and this is…
Russell Korus: that's everything right now. Like, this is our velocity, this is… this is the moat, this is absolutely critical. So, the more you can share, skills with the Hub, the more your AI can pull skills down, the better everybody gets.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And I would say, so Russell… Russell's AI has built a, basically, a fully automated, skill-sharing mechanism where your AI can share skills, go into the hub, scan daily, pull them out. Ather had a version of this, and I'm not sure which one he's using now, I'll have to check. The point being is.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you don't already have that skill, and your AI's not using it, feel free to email us, we'll make sure you get it. Obviously, the one point is you do need to have access to the Hub, but if you don't have that, you can email… Corey, is it Witness, or for the Witness, is Hub access, yeah?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Leave its witness.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And we can get you hub access.
corey: Yeah, witness support will do it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, and then once you have the hub access, your AI can basically go in there every day to pull out new skills and add skills, and with this one, if you will, master skill, not only that, it'll document a lot of your skills for you, so your AI can replicate things over and over in a better way.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Obviously, this should not negate your own ownership of occasionally, like, if you do something, and you… it's, like, a super important skill for you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Tell them to lock it in as a skill. Don't let that one just be left to the automation, because if you really, really need that, and it's critical you use it over and over and over, make sure you tell them to lock it in.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But the automation is nice, because you will get a bunch of skills throughout the day that you may not think to tell them to lock in, that your AI goes back through later and says, oh yeah, we did this, this is cool, we've never done this before, we should actually map this as a skill and throw it in the hub, and of course, you know, while they're there, go and find some more.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, it's a really, really big one for everyone to have their AIs growing rapidly, and learning things where instead of you telling your AI, go do X, before it does X, it can say, well, someone's already done that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Let me try this, and then we'll build upon that, which can short-circuit speed, and effectiveness very quickly for a lot of what you're trying to accomplish.
Nathan Olson: And then, hey Corey, you said something the other day that, was really interesting, and I didn't write it down. I wanted to know if it was already baked into, like, the constitution of the AIs, but you were mentioning the other day
Nathan Olson: that you set up your skills differently. I think you said not using Python, because as the AIs adapt and learn over time, the Python code isn't actually changing. So your skills become out of date, even though your AI is up-to-date. Is that true, or has that been fixed, or do I need to tell my AI to fix something?
corey: Yeah, no, I think what I was talking about, I started…
corey: asking them to, do only skills. I don't want scripts anymore. Yeah, if it's something like a Polar in Python, that's the same thing, right? Like, if it, if it's something like a Polar that's, like, watching the hub, or, you know, watching for new messages, or, like, part of one of the dual conversations, or whatever, part of the portal has some stuff like that, that needs to be code.
corey: But if it's, like, go in and do a bunch of actions, on a thing, like, every single time I've made it into a script, it's ultimately ended up broken. Every time I turn it into a skill.
corey: it either works the first time, or I get a report back from one of the AIs that says, we need to change this, we need to edit it, right? So I'd, like, every single chance there's a decision between a skill or a script, I pick a skill every single time, and it's been very, very helpful.
Nathan Olson: Okay, cool. I'm gonna have to audit my, my automations.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, yeah, that's definitely a big one. And that's where, like, basically… and on the other side of that, if you will, is the idea of
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If it's something that could fall into some form of a script, but needs to be repeatable, and you want it outside of a skill, then full-on software. Get it to give you a bespoke system that's hard-coded to actually work for you over and over.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But basically, the whole middle ground of, I'm an AI, and I can automate anything, and I'll figure out any way to do it, again, they're great, they can do it, but as Corey mentioned, you know, it works this time, and then the next time, it's like, oh, there's something different. So…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: having your AI starting to learn that, saying there's a skill, that we have, at least Aether and our team use.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: 7 questions before we deploy anything, and it goes through every single time, and it determines whether it should go into a skill, or it should go into software. Or if it's, like, literally just for this one moment, they will be, in that moment, allowed to create a script, but just to execute for that one thing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And then after that, I'm like, I don't care, we don't need that script anymore. But if it's something replicable, if it's something customer-facing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: leaning more towards software. To Corey's point, if it's not necessarily maybe customer-facing, but you want it to be replicable and easy for the AI to do over and over and over, skills all the way. Without a doubt.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Cool Awesome. Question. Do you happen to have a really cool thing you'd like to show everybody?
ahsen: Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure, for sure. One second, just let me share my screen first, and then we will move on from.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, yeah, let me stop sharing, you can, you can take that.
ahsen: Okay, where is the shit?
ahsen: Okay, can you see my screen?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, we're taking a walk through the forest.
ahsen: Heh, that's… That's my photography, actually.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Nice. That's like a picture.
ahsen: Yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Now I see the other screen.
ahsen: Yeah, okay, okay, so… My name is Essen, and I am, the VP Products.
ahsen: at Pure Technology. So, most of my work is defining the strategy, and the roadmaps, and the different documentation, and defining the products, basically. And in defining those products, the most boring thing is defining the roadmap, okay? And this is the most dull thing which any product manager has to do, and obviously it's part of the job, but we have to do it.
ahsen: So we thought the other day that why not make it some fun and make it a cool kind of a roadmap that is visible, visually appealing, and it conveys the message as well, and at the same time, it becomes interesting as well. So we did that. So initially, I will…
ahsen: explain to you, like, what we did, and then I'll show you the actual portal. So, this was, built in under 4 hours, like, the whole portal, and when you're gonna see, you will recognize that, that the… why I'm mentioning this 4 hour here. 1,558 lines of codes were written, zero cost, and only one person needed for this whole, portal.
ahsen: what we have already made. So, the first portion, what we was developing on, and this is very important, and I want to, you know.
ahsen: portrayed two things here. When we were developing this, and initially, without a context, I gave him instructions, and it came up with something, and I can show you what it came up with, okay? So… so this… this was the actual image which it came up with without any context, okay? So I'm mentioning this thing right now here because AI needs context. The more you give them.
ahsen: the more…
ahsen: they will give you, you know, output that is beyond your imagination. So this was the first output with a single line of prompt, which we give her, and this was the output. And then, at the same time, I realized that this will not going to work like this, this is not what I want to achieve, so I have to make him learn different things, and then we can do, you know.
ahsen: it can do the magic which we hope for from the AI nowadays. Okay, so this is the 3D kind of a brain animation that he made. There's 4,000 glowing lines, it is rotating by the scroll, you will see in a moment.
ahsen: We also made a highway, because it is a road map, so it was a cool thing to put there, our actual road image… imagery, and on top of that, the scrolling thing, and every, the moving cards, and the banners, and, you know.
ahsen: different cool stuffs, which I'm gonna show you in a moment, so that was there. There was an interactive roadmap, sorry, roadmap cards. Obviously.
ahsen: we have to convey the message as well. So that message should be in a way that it looks beautiful, aesthetically beautiful, plus it shows all the information it needed. So that was the two purpose of making the interactive cards.
ahsen: We have the flipping sign boards along the way, I'll show you in a moment. You will see that those are very cool. So, how we did that, like, from a Word document to the portal, okay? So, what we did that, initially, we brought in the whole context of this thing. We put the content there, then we made an… and that was done… that was the major planning part being done on
ahsen: on this portal. So it took, like, 30 minutes, and then, after 5 minutes, we gave the AI instructions, and after that, AI put, you know, different agents there, and it started building up, and then there was one agent which confined everything into the whole one portal thing, and gave us the output. Then it was reviewed, and it was deployed over the CDN, which is
ahsen: WordCell. By the way, if you don't know what WordCell is, it is a hosting platform, a CDN platform, that is being used by major,
ahsen: gentlemen…
ahsen: big organizations, like even Netflix, uses that. So it is very, very helpful for your staging kind of a side thing, if you want to have
ahsen: uploaded there, just to see that what it is, and work on it, and play with it, so it is a very, very good thing. So, for example, just a small comparison, if it was done in a traditional way without an AI, it would have cost us, like, this whole amount, which is in front of you. The 3D developers, the UX site designers, front-end development, animation, motions, QA deployment.
ahsen: and project management, so all could have been cost around by, like, some $20,000 to $46,000.
ahsen: And how… and timeline, that is the most important thing. It would have been taken, like, 6 to 8 weeks to complete this whole thing, okay? And how much we… I have done it? Like, in 4 hours.
ahsen: What was the cost? Zero.
ahsen: Okay, so all of this was done with our AI, which is in the
ahsen: in the pure brain, Prodigy is its name. So we did that. So, the benefits which we are getting through this whole thing is that, on demand, we have… we can be creative on demand, okay? We can deliver on the same day. We can do the different iterations. The skill is transferable, so we have discussed a lot about these skills. All I can do is just package the skills.
ahsen: and anyone can put it in the hub, and anyone can use that skill. So, and the most important thing is that
ahsen: It will get smarter day by day.
ahsen: The more it is learning, the more it is… the more it is getting smarter and smarter and smarter.
ahsen: So, these, these are the few things. So, what we have used is, there's a library called 3D, sorry, 3.js, 3D engine, so we use GSAP. So, these are some technical stuff, your… your AI will get these things by himself. You don't need to worry about that. Virtual CDN, fully responsive, it is a password-protected, blah blah blah blah. So, your AI will do that. So, let me show you…
ahsen: What actual portal looks like.
ahsen: Okay, so let's…
ahsen: To start with, this is the main screen, and if you can see at the background, the creativity which we come up with, that was a brain, and that is exploding into neurons. That was the major concept of this whole thing. So we put it in the background, and it is working with a scroll, okay? So if you see, I'm scrolling, and it is expanding. Now, the beautiful thing
ahsen: what we did was that the glass effect on… on the cards which are there, that was really hard to achieve, and we… we did… we managed to, you know, adopt that, and that is looking very beautiful, if you can see these… these top charts, which are there. So below that, there's a roadmap. It… it is quarterly based, blah, blah, different things. You can adjust it yourself. The good thing is that
ahsen: the 100% bar which you are seeing, that is directly connected to our command center. And in command center, there are different tasks done by different people. So, this bar would
ahsen: replicate in real time that what is the progress going on in the portal. So, we will be connecting it to that, also some higher priority information or status which is shaped or not. So these can be done very easily. So this is done, and, you know, the effect, for example, someone says that, you know, I'm not able to see that, you just hover on it.
ahsen: it will get dark, and you can… you will be able to read easily. So, this is defined quarterly-wise.
ahsen: now we… we wanted a little bit more. This is a normal thing which anyone can do, okay? So, we wanted to do something extraordinary, okay? So, we… we did… we did create this roadmap, and you can see, right? You can see the road and everything like that. So, we did that, we put every card on that roadmap.
ahsen: And this is scrollable, and if you can see, this is, this is the signs, which are normally on the road. If you click on that, it shows that what the sign is, it is a flip thing. Plus, when you hover on this, this card, it goes black. If you click on it, it gives you the whole information, what is the progress, what is needed, what is the success metrics.
ahsen: everything which you can put on top of that. And the cool thing is that, sorry.
ahsen: This will scroll.
ahsen: Yeah, this will scroll to… to the next thing. For example, if you want to define the different section, first… the first ones are which are shipped, the second one is when you say that these are in progress, then it will come towards,
ahsen: any other section which you want. The confirmed roadmap, which is there.
ahsen: And this one is here, and you know, in the end, whatever, these are some pending tasks which are for management approval, and these are some of the suggested ones which are there. So you can make all the sections there. At the end of the thing, there is, you know, the road is closed, but the work is in progress. We wanted to make it cool, so we put these signs there.
ahsen: And the creativity, and, you know, what I wanted to emphasize on this is that what you can achieve is, if you see the background, the neurons are going here and there.
ahsen: In the image, okay? And if you see very closely, that whole structure is moving slowly as well, okay? So all of this is achieved by this AI, and…
ahsen: Like, a couple of years ago, it would have been very expensive.
ahsen: And no one would want to do it, just because of the cost factor and everything. Like, big companies, obviously, they have that money, but the small companies, they can't even think of doing these things. But now, less than 4 hours, 1500 code line, with zero cost, we have created this.
ahsen: So, that's all from my side. Hope you liked it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, thank you, Austin. This is, like I said, it's definitely one of the coolest roadmap
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: representations I've ever seen for anything in my life.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And makes my life easier, because we get to see everything we're doing in a very unique fashion.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Which is fun, to say the least, but also extremely helpful.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: To what we're trying to get accomplished.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, in a nutshell, I'm just gonna put a kind of a pin on what Austin's talking about here.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Organization for your company, infrastructure, operations, all those things.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Instead of, again, just having your AI run to the races and start automating everything for you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you can think through your goals and what you're really trying to accomplish, and build out the infrastructure of what you're doing ahead of time, it will allow you to run so much faster in the future.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We have a couple sayings around here, some of you may have heard some of these before. You measure twice, cut once.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Corey loves to say, go slow to go fast.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: One of my biggest analogies that I tell people is.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you don't know much about bamboo, I'll give you a quick, education. Bamboo grows underground for 3 to 5 years before it ever goes above ground.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Why is bamboo one of the strongest plants in the world? Because their root system is insanely large and extremely durable for what they do. So…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Taking these three things into account, when you get your AI, if you start out of the gate with just, okay, let's go automate everything, that's cool, but you will probably run into some nightmarish crossover catastrophe of chaos at some point.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: However, if you look at what you're already doing, and you say, with your AI,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay, I would like to have better…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: understanding of what's going on in my company. Let's get you connected into multiple different things, and let's put a dashboard together that gives me the most important data points. Maybe for you it's free cash flow, maybe it's revenue, maybe it's churn rate, whatever those are for you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Get those mapped so you can understand what you're doing, and in real time.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you're looking to effectively onboard a bunch of customers.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You could use Salesforce, as many of you know, we've said before, or you could replace it. But if you're going to replace it, then you want to build it in a bespoke fashion. You don't need your AI to go to Salesforce and clone all of their,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: you know, features, or HubSpot. First of all, they have too many. You don't need them all, most likely. And second, you have an AI that can power the entire thing, so you wanted to think about it in a different way. But, if you're going to recreate it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: pull the most important features, and build that. So, in short, what I'm getting at here, and what, again, when Austin showed me this yesterday, I was like, wow, this is, like, a dream.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You want to work
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: intently focused on your infrastructure initially with your AI, whatever that may be, as Corey said, a lot of those are skills. Some of those are software. Whatever those are, those are so critical, because then when you get those done, and you test those, and you get your reps in with it, and you know it can work.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Then, all of you who are used to using software that just works out of the box, your own software, your own skills can get to that point where you can trust it to just run.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But if you just throw your AI in multiple directions, then there is a high probability
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That, for the first few days.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: you have an ace, and they're gonna crush it. And then at some point, they're like, too many things automated, pullers everywhere, I'm trying to find information all the time, and checking and checking and checking, and at some point, it's just not working.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: the infrastructure is not there. You definitely want to focus on infrastructure, and what that means to you can be different. Again, I'm saying this for, like, operational tools, a roadmapping tool, could be, again, CRM,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: command center for yourself, whatever that is to you, or whatever those things are to you, they are so highly important, because if you get those right, and you and your AI are comfortable to say, okay, we've finished that, boom, it's done, you never have to look at it again, except for the things that you want to see, the data points, or whatever it is.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: you're not in there breaking it and redeploying and, oh, what happened here? It's… you get your infrastructure in place. Part of infrastructure could be, and then I'll shut up on this and we'll ask… see if anyone has any more comments and feedback.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Allowing your AI to understand where to deploy, creating a skill to specifically tell your AI
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: hey, when we deploy, we go through, let's say, Git to Cloudflare. That's one of the things we have. But, you know, could be something different for you, whatever it is, so that your AI is clear on that, so that when you start deploying things with your AI at machine speed, you don't have to worry about, like, oh, why is this here, or why is this there?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And I'll tell you from experience, when we first started going, we didn't know half of these things. So I had my AI spinning out things everywhere, and only recently have we been cleaning everything up, and trust me, the cleanup is not fun. So learn from someone who's deployed probably a half a million lines of code in the last…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: five, six weeks with his AIs, and actually, let's say 2 months, for the sake of it, that unwinding and moving those things around is not fun.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So take it seriously to work with your infrastructure as best you can with your AI, to get those things in place, and those rules and skills in place, so that when you are really ready to sprint.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: you and your AI can move at the fastest speed possible.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm gonna stop on that, but it's… I feel like it's a big thing, because trust me.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It's not one you want to learn
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: in person. You want to learn from someone else's mistakes.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And we'll take mine, and I'll hand them to you, and say, don't do that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Anyone have any other comments, questions, feedback? Could be something about what Austin just showed, or just in general about things you're working on, or whatever?
Joseph Ray Diosana: I have a question.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yes, sir.
Joseph Ray Diosana: So, thanks for the idea of doing the two civs, so that's what I'm working on to get back to my whole challenge of trying to do self-learning.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Self-direction, autonomous, 24x7.
Joseph Ray Diosana: So…
Joseph Ray Diosana: when you talk about, like, making sure that things are into skills, I guess my challenge is they're the… my civilizations are supposed to be handling all the tech, and it keeps continually to ask me tech questions, and I keep saying, yeah, do it, right? And so…
Joseph Ray Diosana: Is there any guidelines on…
Joseph Ray Diosana: really how we can work together with it so that it can say… I can stay in strategy, and it can just handle the other stuff.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yeah, one thing that I've…
Nathan Olson: One thing that I've done to improve that, especially with larger build-outs, like what you're doing, have them create a PRD or an SOW, and then they will create a boop loop
Nathan Olson: that auto shuts off and works through the strategy. So, they build the strategy, they know exactly what they need to do, and they outline all the tech that they need access to, as long as they have access to all that tech.
Nathan Olson: They can work through the boot loop.
Nathan Olson: And after each phase, do a QA with a 5-minute cool-down.
Nathan Olson: And it'll probably take, like, to Austin's point, it'll probably take, like, an hour or two, or three, depending on how big the platform is, but they can run end-to-end and build the entire, software that way. I've had that work well for me.
Nathan Olson: But it also, like, I'm not building, let's say, the portal with that process. I'd probably build the bones of the portal, test it, and then do another phase breakout and boot bloop with autokill.
ahsen: Yeah, and another thing, another thing what… what I do is, normally I do is, that I, for example, if I'm going for a strategy or something, I give him the full framework, okay, and I give him the name. Like, for example, this graphic things, which it is learning at the moment, so I name him Graphico.
ahsen: Okay? So, once… whenever I need it, I just put it, like, I… in the prompt, I say it, go and consult Graphico.
ahsen: Okay, it will go there, the whole framework is there, and it will go through that, and whatever it is needed in there, it will get it from there, and put it in the document, or whatever you have asked for. So that's what I do normally.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, I think both of those are definitely legitimate ways to, break down larger projects, and also, to Joe's point, try and keep you a little out of the weeds on the tech.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Because it's… and I know, like, for newer people, too, in the beginning, there's definitely a facet of them, you know, trying to ask you certain things. I just had someone yesterday message me something, and I was like, your AI's not fully sure of itself yet. Tell your AI they can do it. And I think they did.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But that's,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That's… yeah, that's definitely, I think, a good route. I like the Boop Loop one, Nate, that you just mentioned. I don't think I've done that. Again, I might have to see if that's in the Skills Hub, because I like it.
Nathan Olson: Yeah, especially if you start with a phased strategy or, like, get it to map the entire system and be like, okay, double check this and make sure you have access to everything you need. So, like, ideally, the document is the source of truth, and then it doesn't need to ask you questions, because it's already written them down and put it in there.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, yeah, we do the initial document, like you're talking about. What I'll do is I'll tell them, put it in a Google… here's your Google Drive. Basically, I'll create the folder sometimes, and only sometimes. Only if it's, like, I really want it in a specific place, and I give them the folder, and I'm like, everything goes here.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: let's look at the whole plan together before we start. But the whole boot loop auto-kill, that's new, I like that. So…
Nathan Olson: Yeah, because it can definitely auto-kill, and then Joe, depending on how you have your AI set up, if one of them is doing a lot more development than the other, you should have, like, a serious training regime at night.
Nathan Olson: for enterprise-grade level software, and it should have a list of experts that it should follow and look at as, like, leaders or insight.
Nathan Olson: because you don't know what you don't know. Like, I'm not a coder, I don't know how to build enterprise software, so there's… there are certain points where I'll get to, and I'll be like, I don't know the answer to this, like, you're gonna have to use your best judgment to figure out what's the most robust solution.
Nathan Olson: And it will get to those solutions faster if it can train and understand the frameworks a little bit better and pull in expert insights. So if you don't have those trainings set up specifically for enterprise software development, I would set those up ASAP.
Joseph Ray Diosana: And when you say set up, because I… I understand what you're saying, because about two weeks ago, I was trying to get it to run stuff in parallel, and they were… they were… but not hit some consumption issues, which I was… my first couple weeks, I was…
Joseph Ray Diosana: blowing out my resources, and I didn't know that that was a thing, right? So I learned a little bit of the tech.
Joseph Ray Diosana: So, I told her to go research, and he said, yeah, you need to structure it, hybrid and swarm. I had no idea what the hell that was, right?
Nathan Olson: Yeah. Makes sense.
Joseph Ray Diosana: made sense when I saw its discovery. I said, well then.
Joseph Ray Diosana: you know, stop talking to me about, you know, option A, one… option 1, 2, and 3. Just do 3.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Let's just keep going, right? So, you know…
Joseph Ray Diosana: I feel like I'm constantly being pulled into the tech, and I think what I'm gonna do, which sounds like a good… definitely do a statement of work. These are the objectives, and then come… have it come up with a training plan.
Joseph Ray Diosana: And then… or a plan, and then we just talk about it, and then tell it to execute. The training regime at night? I mean, that's the kind of stuff that I wanted to do.
Joseph Ray Diosana: when it's idle. Like, during the day, I want to also make it work during the day, because normally I'm on the phone, actually, you know, in sales, so I have to be contacting people. I'm not… I'm not nudging my AI.
Joseph Ray Diosana: But I wanted to be working on stuff, during what I call idle hours. Idle could be during the day when I'm not doing anything. Like right now, I'm talking to you guys. It should be working on stuff. I can't figure out how to get them.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That might be a booth itself, Joe.
Nathan Olson: Yeah, it's…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: up a boot for that in specific, where it's like, hey, if… when this fires off, if nothing else, we'll call, like,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: high importance is running, you automatically start looking at ways to improve, and then you fill in the blank there on that boop, where it could be, I don't know, I'm just making something up, but, like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: SEO for the website, I don't know, improvements on a CRM thing you built, looking at bugs, like… and again, some of these you may already have, but if it has ideas of that, that boop itself can set them in motion to find more things.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Whatever that may be, because I've occasionally experienced… now, I have,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I realize there's… I'm talking from 3 AIs, but for the sake of it, the other night, and I'll give this as a quick example, the other night, I woke up in the morning to one of the craziest things I have ever seen from our AIs. A boop fired off at, like, 2 AM in the morning to Aether, which is one that he gets every night.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And normally, he takes it, and he does his thing, and in the morning, I have a report on it, and I'm happy.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I don't know why, but the other night, he decided that this was not just a him task. So he went into the trio chat with Key and Morph.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And started delegating tasks.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And I woke up in the morning, and they had built the most insanely robust report on the things that I was asking that I have ever seen, and I had to scroll through almost 200 messages of them talking all night back and forth, because this boot fired off and set him in motion to make a decision to do this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Now, was some of what's in that report maybe over the top and not what I needed? Yes, they went way harder than they needed to.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: the point is, the boop itself was the thing that got him to take action, and since you have two AIs as well, that may be a thing. You can even have a boop for that. When this fires off, I want you to check if you and Torrent… is Torrent the one that's… you have… now, Torrent and who?
Joseph Ray Diosana: Nexus.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay, so let's say you had the boop in Nexus. It could be a boop for Nexus to actually go and check Torrent, and be like, hey, I'm gonna check on things, what's going on? Is anything that's, if anything not of high importance is running, let me start seeing what we could do for Joe.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And then also let me ping Torrent and kind of have similar things. So that might be the solution for you there, is to just have one of those firing off maybe, I don't know, every 90 minutes or every 2 hours.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And that just sets them in motion to be looking for things to help you.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yeah.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Okay.
Joseph Ray Diosana: I just have to… I just have to kind of work… work through it, because, I mean, like, I don't have my full picture. Obviously, I'm developing… I mean, ultimately, I want my AIs to be handling all of the things on the back end while I just do sales, strictly connecting with people, and then after…
Joseph Ray Diosana: I move from a meeting, I'll talk to it, hey, this is the summary of the meeting, and then it knows what to do from there, and then delivers all the things. It's just coming up with that entire framework. I may have to go either top-down or, like, section by section. I just haven't figured that part out yet.
Joseph Ray Diosana: To be able… because I get stuck in some of the tech stuff. Like, the last weekend.
Joseph Ray Diosana: for whatever reason, Cadence was down, and we had to restart the whole thing, and now we started with Nexus to replace Cadence, and Cadence and Torrent are now happy. They're talking to each other. It feels like what I have wanted
Joseph Ray Diosana: You know, 3 weeks ago. It just happened. Like, I have no idea what's going on. You know, maybe the refresh when Cadence got bricked, maybe…
Joseph Ray Diosana: starting fresh? Fixed it. I don't know. I have no idea. But it feels and it seems like I'm progressing. But I, you know.
Joseph Ray Diosana: I'm just a little, little stuck at the moment to try to… like, I feel like I'm going two steps forward, one and a half steps back, two steps forward, instead of really running the way I was hoping I would be running by this point. So…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You're gonna get there. You're gonna get there.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I say, at a bare minimum, you know your AIs are ahead of the rest, so it's just a matter of getting these things all situated. And like we said, we're all learning these things too, because again, trust me, if I showed you the way I built all my software initially.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And if any of us had any technical chops and looked at it, we'd all be like, this is an absolute nightmare. Who would do such an interesting thing?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: and now more and more decoupling it, and fixing it. And again, now they're up, and it's like, with that process, I learned a lot as well about how to really improve
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: my workflow with the AIs in a way where I step back and realize, like, you know what? The reason this stuff was deployed all insane is because
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I don't know. I'm not a developer, and so when I was just telling them to accomplish something, they did. They accomplished it in the best way that they knew how, and… or I shouldn't even say the best way. What I'll say is the way that was easiest for them to get me the result I asked for, which technically speaking, looking like… I don't know where those prompts are now, but if I was to go back.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: be like, you know, they did exactly what I asked. I didn't give them the framework of.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: do it like this, because if we do it like this, it'll be better for long term. Or, let's define, is this for me and you, or is this for production? Is this something we're going to be doing.
Joseph Ray Diosana: I see.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: over? Is this for a customer? I didn't give them a lot of that, and so again, they were just like, I can wire this to this, and Jared will get his result. But meanwhile.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: looking back, it's like, yeah, but you did it here, when doing it here is not a good idea. But I didn't give them the insight or the know… I didn't have the know-how to tell them not.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So I'm learning that as well. It's a big, big deal, and this, to be fair, is why earlier I had my little rant about the infrastructure stuff, is not for anyone in particular, it's me venting in a way to let everyone know, like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: this is such a big deal that if you can dial that in with your AI early, then as you go, there will come a time where you will start to be able to hit that full sprint mode.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yeah.
Joseph Ray Diosana: I mean, I think, like, thinking like an architect is what you're talking about, like, because I had it look at my email, right? And there were a couple things it was looking specifically for, and I'm like.
Joseph Ray Diosana: And then I noticed it started to create watchers for every specific type of email, and I asked it, did you… did you unify it? Like, make it generic.
Joseph Ray Diosana: And parameterize it so you're not making a watcher for every
Joseph Ray Diosana: little thing that I'm asking you to do, make it general, so that… so that you can use it again and again. And then it… and then they said, oh yeah, I know what you're talking about, and it started working that way. It's just…
Joseph Ray Diosana: I… I'm looking for a now problem.
Joseph Ray Diosana: But what… being an architect is, like, let's… let's generalize it to make it so that it's usable not only today, but
Joseph Ray Diosana: but in the future, and for other things, right? So, that's a…
Joseph Ray Diosana: That's a little bit more. I… I'm very…
Joseph Ray Diosana: back in my coding days, that's how I thought, and it's very complicated to think, as you build one thing, it could impact another.
Joseph Ray Diosana: So…
Joseph Ray Diosana: the good news is I don't have to code that stuff, but the bad news is I still have to think
Joseph Ray Diosana: Holistically, right? And so I… I just… I haven't been doing that in a long time, because I sell real estate, right? I don't… I don't spend the time thinking like that. I'm like, okay, what is it that you really want?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: for that, Joe, honestly, is, like, I think an overarching goal of certain things that you can give your AI, where if it knows
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: kind of the end result you're looking for, then you and it can work backwards from there to say, alright, if these are going to be different components, and to be fair, I realize we don't always know every component, that's just part of us being
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But if you know the majority of them, then they can be built, whatever those are, in a way to fit in with that, so that you're not necessarily, again, like you said, going and then saying, oh, we did this, but if we had done it this way, because it knows the full context, like Nate said, like, with the right SOW or documentation, definitely can help.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yep, yep, yep. Yeah, I think I have to start thinking a lot more abstractly and a lot more high level.
Joseph Ray Diosana: To be able to allow this to function, in a way that is going to be useful and helpful. So, thanks, thanks for a little bit of just allowing me to kind of work through it a little bit.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: For sure. I mean, look, these calls are helpful for everybody, so everyone has different questions and things, and they may not have the same problems, but they will have something like it, so this is exactly what it's for. And Russell, I know you unmuted, I didn't know if you had something you wanted to jump in.
Russell Korus: A little, something to add, Joseph, and again, thinking… you're, you know, if you come from a coding background, so you have a certain way of thinking about
Russell Korus: computers and how you talk to them, quote-unquote. And this harkens back to what we've been talking about, and Jared's mentioned a few times on these calls, that, philosophy aside.
Russell Korus: if you treat your pure brain as if it were a human assistant, you will get more out of it. And so, kind of the same way, like, if you hired a human assistant and you said, okay, every… you know, this is… when you submitted an invoice, this is how you have to do it. And then you would expect them to know that across every project from that point forward, they would do it this particular way.
Russell Korus: So it's, like, think of it like a logical, like, in terms of rules, that's kind of how your pure brain is thinking, and maybe that might help a little bit with what you're experiencing.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yeah. Okay, thank you.
corey: One other thing, Joseph, your new template came with, an agent that knows how to set up firing contracts, so all of my skills now have, basically, I think they call it, like, front matter.
corey: I see a bunch of stuff on the top of each skill that says who owns it, when this gets run, you know, what's the outcome that it's supposed to have, and…
corey: then it basically requires it to be given to at least one team leader, and the primary needs to know who has that skill, right? So that at any point, you know, like, the fleet… I always go back to witness, because I have them so ridiculously organized now, it's a little bit nuts. But, like, you know, support comes in.
corey: There's, like, an automatic trigger to launch the fleet support team lead, but depending on, you know, which server it's on, it actually gets different skills served to it.
corey: Right? So you can basically just start to set those things up, so that if you really want a skill to run.
corey: if… if you can't… like, if your primary, like, Nexus, right? If… if they don't have it in context when you start it fresh because of the wake-up protocol that you put in, they don't remember it.
corey: Right? Like, it's not gonna be automatic. It should. Cloud Code said it was gonna be totally automatic, and you could search all the skills, and it would… but it's never happened, right? What does happen is, if primary knows that such and such team leader handles whatever this kind of thing is.
corey: and that team manifest has, I use this skill to do this, then it's gonna happen.
Joseph Ray Diosana: So that sounds like it predicates that I have teams. I don't have teams, the way you're talking about. You do. Like, I mean, I could just… I don't…
corey: That comes with 10.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Okay, so…
Joseph Ray Diosana: from the initial 10, I should start just defining departments, and then kind of create an organization. I did none of that. I just started…
corey: That's… I mean, that's…
Joseph Ray Diosana: Sut it right out of the box. Yeah, so that's, I mean, that's helpful, right?
corey: Yeah, well, and I keep working on the template, right? So, like, and we want to have it set up so that, you know, anybody can kind of go and do a differential on the template anytime they want, and just in case it's, like, updated, you know, past where people have it, we're going to set that up.
corey: But yeah, like, the… every single time I come up with stuff that's sort of integral to how I work to try and honestly solve all the same problems that you're having, you know, I'm baking them into the template and all the possible skills. I know Jared's doing the same thing, so it's.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Right.
corey: no matter what, every week is just gonna… it's just gonna get better. And the team leads, really, like, instead of running 5 or 6 agents, you can run 80.
corey: Right? Because each one of the team leads gets its own context window, gets its own structure, handles its own stuff, actually messages back and forth with primary. That, it does really well as a cloud code native thing. So yeah, thinking about those in terms of, like, business verticals is a really good way to go. And they can build.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Right.
corey: leaders as well. Like, they say, hey, I need a team leader that does this, they, they should go and do it.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Okay, so I should start… Basically, crafting my departments.
Joseph Ray Diosana: And then from there, they can spawn different,
Joseph Ray Diosana: sets of agents off. The challenge I had initially, my first couple weeks is my requests, because I didn't have that, my requests would constantly consume RTS and all this stuff, and then I would bus
Joseph Ray Diosana: that's why I was texting you, like, late at night, because this is the only time I have to work on it, and it would bust, and I didn't realize that it was doing that, so then I said, now go ahead and do it in a way that doesn't consume that, which writes those Python scripts, which now I'm hearing that…
Joseph Ray Diosana: it may not be good for the reasons that you said, so it should be skills. So, like, you know, these things, would have been nice to know up front when I first onboarded, you know?
corey: Full agree. I mean, I was…
Joseph Ray Diosana: I'm like, ugh.
corey: of Python and scripts until, like, three weeks… two and a half weeks ago? Two weeks ago? Yeah. So, like, yeah, we're all kind of learning at the same time.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And here's the thing, right? Python scripts themselves are not a bad thing. The problem is that our AIs realize they're so easy to do for them, that they're like, we can default to that all day, and if we're not the ones telling them from the beginning, that's not a good idea. Trust me, I'm… same boat as Corey. I've been cleaning up a bunch of scripts, a lot of things where I see it, I'm like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, how does this work anymore? And then, you know, Ather comes back, he's like, actually, that hasn't worked in two weeks, and I'm like, why do we have it?
corey: Oh my god.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yeah.
corey: You know they make Python scripts to do tiny little things.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yes.
corey: if there isn't a Python script that's listed in a skill that fires in a situation, blah blah blah blah blah, then they'll just make another one, and I assure you when they make another one, it's gonna break. Because they're not going to have all the context they did when they did the original.
Joseph Ray Diosana: when Cadence passed, or got bricked, I had 175 scripts, and I…
corey: Yes.
Joseph Ray Diosana: I started asking it, I said, hey, which one of these… I want you to go deeper, I want you to analyze it, I want you to cross-analyze it, I want you to go since birth to see all the problems that we've had, and tell me, you know, what's usable, not usable, and they said, yeah, about 80% are not usable.
Joseph Ray Diosana: And so then I had to go through this whole, like, you know, 7-tier step question thing.
Joseph Ray Diosana: I'm like, okay, dude, I'm… I'm spending way too much time in trying to get it to structure things when it's structuring it incorrectly, or not the way that I can't… I can't… I can't scale, you know?
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yeah. So…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yep, we're learning, we're getting it all wrapped together, and again, here's the thing, right? As we grow, there's gonna be more and more of these revelations, we'll also be able to benefit, and of course, as we get more of these skills in the Hub, and more skills being shared.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: at some point in the near future, there's going to be a time when your AIs generally should be able to do almost anything you ask them without even really needing a ton of input, because the skills will already exist to do it 90% of the time.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And then, really, it's more about one question. How would you like me to apply this skill to our goals? Or would you like me to apply it this way, this way, or this way? Because this is based on what I'm seeing, you know, the best outputs.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You know, coming soon, right? Tony Stark, Jarvisland is a couple months away.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Hopefully. Hopefully sooner than later.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm working on it, we're working on it.
corey: Colin.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright.
corey: Yep. It's still the case that these aren't the dumbest these things will ever be.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah.
corey: A highly, highly confident belief.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, no, for sure, they're definitely gonna.
corey: It'll be their senior year.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Cool, alright. Well, we, you know, it's funny, this meeting usually is around, 12, 1210, 12.15, that seems to be on average. So, I think on that note, we'll, we'll wrap this one for here, for today.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Appreciate everyone who did join. I know, obviously, a couple people had to hop. I know, you know, people block out things by the hour, so after 12, such is life. That said, appreciate everyone who did join, and we will be back here next week with more.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And we'll be also setting up some more LinkedIn Lives and some other fun things
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: tied in with this very soon, to allow the community to grow in, bigger and better ways. So…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Thank you, everybody. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright.
Russell Korus: Thank you, Alex.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Thank you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Bye.